src/Maestro/Readme.md, before:

# Maestro and the BAR

## Getting started
1. Install Azure Service Fabric SDK: https://www.microsoft.com/web/handlers/webpi.ashx?command=getinstallerredirect&appid=MicrosoftAzure-ServiceFabric-CoreSDK
2. Install SQL Server Express: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/sql-server-editions-express
3. Acquire the required secrets from azure key vault. This can be done by running [bootstrap.ps1](bootstrap.ps1) from an admin powershell window. This script will do 3 things:
    - Download a secret required for using the `Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication` package from the service fabric local dev cluster
    - Download and install the SSL cert used for local development from key vault
    - Configure the SQL Server LocalDB instance for use from the local service fabric cluster
4. Make sure you have installed Entity Framework Core CLI by running `dotnet tool install --global dotnet-ef`
5. From the Maestro.Data project directory, run `dotnet ef --msbuildprojectextensionspath <path to obj dir for Maestro data (e.g. artifacts/obj/Maestro.Data/)> database update`.
6. Join the @maestro-auth-test org in GitHub (you will need to ask someone to manually add you to the org).
7. In SQL Server Object Explorer in Visual Studio, find the local SQLExpression database for the build asset registry and populate the Repositories table with the following row:
    - Repository: https://github.com/maestro-auth-test/maestro-test
    - Installation Id: 289474

After successfully running `bootstrap.ps1` running the `MaestroApplication` project via F5 in VS (launch as elevated) will run the application on `https://localhost:4430`

## Troubleshooting.

Things to try:
- Clean your repo before building/running.
- Ensure the ASP.NET Workload is installed for Visual Studio.
- Search the web for the error you are seeing.

Commit message:

Update Maestro database update instructions
Add additional detail to the instructions to clarify which artifacts folder contains the required objects.

src/Maestro/Readme.md, after:

# Maestro and the BAR

## Getting started
1. Install Azure Service Fabric SDK: https://www.microsoft.com/web/handlers/webpi.ashx?command=getinstallerredirect&appid=MicrosoftAzure-ServiceFabric-CoreSDK
2. Install SQL Server Express: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/sql-server-editions-express
3. Acquire the required secrets from azure key vault. This can be done by running [bootstrap.ps1](bootstrap.ps1) from an admin powershell window. This script will do 3 things:
    - Download a secret required for using the `Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication` package from the service fabric local dev cluster
    - Download and install the SSL cert used for local development from key vault
    - Configure the SQL Server LocalDB instance for use from the local service fabric cluster
4. Make sure you have installed Entity Framework Core CLI by running `dotnet tool install --global dotnet-ef`
5. From the Maestro.Data project directory, run `dotnet ef --msbuildprojectextensionspath <full path to obj dir for Maestro repo (e.g. "C:\arcade-services\artifacts\obj\Maestro.Data\")> database update`.
    - Note that the generated files are in the root artifacts folder, not the artifacts folder within the Maestro.Data project folder
6. Join the @maestro-auth-test org in GitHub (you will need to ask someone to manually add you to the org).
7. In SQL Server Object Explorer in Visual Studio, find the local SQLExpression database for the build asset registry and populate the Repositories table with the following row:
    - Repository: https://github.com/maestro-auth-test/maestro-test
    - Installation Id: 289474

After successfully running `bootstrap.ps1` running the `MaestroApplication` project via F5 in VS (launch as elevated) will run the application on `https://localhost:4430`

## Troubleshooting.

Things to try:
- Clean your repo before building/running.
- Ensure the ASP.NET Workload is installed for Visual Studio.
- Search the web for the error you are seeing.
